1. He is watching movie in cinema hall. The hall catches fire. He...
2. He was recently appointed captain of the basket-ball team and the task before him was to make it the winning team in the state. So He...
3. There was rush at the platform and the train was about to start but the coolie carrying his luggage could not be traced. He...
4. He had entered the semi-final in the State Badminton Championships. But his opponent was reputed to be too strong. He...
5. Money was needed to meet the expenses of his brother's illness and his relations had refused to help. He...
6. He and his friend were going for an afternoon walk on a cold, windy day. Suddenly two men surrounded his friend and started removing his wrist watch. He...
7. Once he was in charge of school library shifting operation from ground floor to 3rd floor when all of a sudden the lift failed in its upward movement in between the floors. He...
8. His father slipped on a banana peel and hurt his eye badly as they were hurrying towards the railway station to catch the only train to their village. He...
9. The student of his college are about to call a strike. They want his cooperation. He...
10. Two of his best friends had quarreled with each other. He...
11. His father wants to marry him with a rich and educated girl, but he is in love with a poor uneducated girl. He...
12. He with six persons had gone on a cycle expedition and one cycle got punctured on desert stretched road. He...
13. While going to the office he finds an accident between a cycle and a bullock cart, he is already getting late. He...
14. His father has fixed his marriage with a very rich girl. He has never disobeyed his father's orders in his life but another girl says that she is in love with him and he has also attraction towards her. He...
15. His exam starts the next day and he is not fully prepared. His father's close friend has suddenly come to his house there is no one to entertain him. He...
16. One of his friends, whom he trusted a lot, has betrayed him. He...
17. Ram won an expensive watch in a lottery and found it defective. He...
18. He is alone in the house and it is mid of night. He is awakened from sleep by persistent knocking at the main door at his house. He...
19. While traveling in train, he found a briefcase, which does not belong to him, among the items of his luggage. He...
20. His younger brother is a mechanical engineer from a regional college. He has been searching a job for the last three years but has not succeeded. He...
21. He has occupied a particular seat in the unreserved compartment of a train for his journey. After a while person come and asks him to vacate that seat because he was sitting on it earlier. He...
22. A company invites him for a job interview. But on reaching there he learns that a person is already working against the vacancy for which he is called for interview. He...
23. His neighbor called upon him one winter night for help in the absence of his wife as his daughter was very ill. He...
24. When he passed his intermediate he was keen to go for engineering but his father wanted him to join armed forces. He...
25. All of a sudden the date of examination was preponed by a month. He had not prepared for it and he was required to appear in the examination after a week. He...
26. He went on a tour with his friends for a coastal area, where suddenly a cyclic storm came and the situation became grave. He...
27. As a young boy, he had gone to see a fair and got separated from his group. He...
28. They were at the railway station where he asked someone about the time politely. The later abused him. He...
29. He receives an immediate call for his SSB interview when his parents were away. He had no money on him and therefore. He...
30. His poor parents had educated him up to BA bearing many hardships. He keenly felt he must quickly get a job and help his family, but no suitable job was forthcoming. He...
31. The college recreation hall was still under construction when the masons went on strike. The principal called upon the boys for help. For a moment none volunteered. He...
32. They had gone on an All-Indian University Tour and he found that their secretary was mishandling the funds. He...
33. All of a sudden when he woke up and he found that due to a short circuit, spark and smoke was coming out from the ceiling fan and its line. He...
34. During winter he was once returning alone from late night show when suddenly it started raining heavily. He...
35. While canvassing for a particular candidate in the college elections, he was threatened by the opposite party. He...
36. On a windy afternoon his neighbor's house caught fire while its inmates were all fast asleep on the first floor. He...
37. When half of the preparations for his sister's wedding were through, he found that he had run short of money. He...
38. When he was going to his office, he found a purse on road containing Rs 1000. He...
39. He was to go Madras and he had high fever and had no reservation and therefore, there was no seat. He...
40. When he went into third year he realized that his expenses do not fit into the pocket allowance which his father has given. He...
41. He had booked his seat in a bus going to Jaipur but someone occupied it. When he asked that person to vacate his seat, he refused. He...
42. A charity show was arranged for national defense fund and people had contributed liberally. But at the appointed time the leading artist failed to turn up. As the Secretary of the society, He...
43. They had to join the All Indian Scout Rally across the river. Seeing the rising water most of the boys scouts refused to go across. He...
44. He is attending a conference. The servant confirms him that his father wants to see him very urgently. He...
45. He is on leave and finds that two opposing parties in village are getting ready to fight. He...
46. He has been requested by the villagers to kill a man-eater, which has caused several deaths. He thinks he is not a good firer. He...
47. After many efforts he got a job in a private firm but his office was very far off from his house and there was no transport. He...
48. He was made in charge of an All Indian Tour but he had to attend an important personal business. He...
49. He is going for his first job interview in a three wheeler. While passing through the busy bazar area, the three-wheeler collides with a car. The car owner wants the driver of the three-wheeler to accompany him to the nearby police station. He...
50. He is traveling from Delhi to Madras. On the way he discovers that he has lost his reservation ticket as well as his purse. TT is about to come to check. He...
51. A play is to be staged in the college of Mr. X. Being the best actor, he expected the hero's role but is allotted another one, he...
52. Some villagers are collecting the money to renovate the school building. But others are against it. He...
53. He is going out at night when he saw a young girl. He enquired from the girl and came to know that her father was serious and was alone at home and she was going to call the doctor. He...
54. Light in his colony suddenly goes off due to rain and storm. He...
55. He want to arrange a dinner party for the retiring professor, his friends insist on a tea party. He...
56. His mother is critically ill and the medicine shopkeeper is not prepared to give the medicine as he has no money. He...
57. He found that the documentation of his office subordinates are ill maintained. He...
58. He was to take part in a rally at 1600 hrs, at a place 20kms away. He remembered it only at 1500 hrs. When the bus had already left. He...
59. He is gone for outing with friends. On a boat he lost his balance and fall down in the sea and he do not know swimming. He...
60. He is giving tuition and studying and he found that he does not have enough time to prepare for his own examination. He...